README.md, before:

![Banner](https://i.imgur.com/abq2Gwr.png)
# Spectre
> A multipurpose Discord Bot written in Node.js with Discord.js & discord-akairo

Spectre is a Discord bot that I'm working on during my free time. Heavily work in progress, inspired by many bots! Features rank cards, profile cards, levelup cards, and that's only the start!

## Why?
There's many level bots out there, such as AmariBot, Tatsumaki, and the most famous of 'em all, MEE6. In January, MEE6 put a premium paywall around their level rewards feature, which made me and many other server owners and administrators turn to Tatsumaki. They had great looking profile cards, but their interface just wasn't that good, in my experience. 

I started learning JavaScript around the same time and made a few bots, including the precursor to Spectre. Unfortunately, I don't have the code, but ~~it was the best code ever~~ not the best. I eventually wound up using discord-akairo (which I'd recommend 100% - unbelievably powerful) and Discord.js to make a few bots. 

Then, I rewrote Spectre. I took inspiration from MEE6, trying to keep as close as possible to replicating their rank cards, and doing the same for Tatsumaki's levelup cards. I did a bit of design work for the profile, though, so that's original :P
I wouldn't recommend Spectre to anyone yet, but it's coming close to that stage. If you're looking for a good level bot and you're not satisfied with the current options, feel free to take a look!

## Contributing
Any pull requests made must be linted with `npm run lint` to catch any stylistic / syntax errors beforehand. I will not accept them without this.

1. [Fork the repository](https://github.com/jo3-l/spectre/fork)!
2. Clone your fork: `git clone https://github.com/your-username/spectre.git`
3. Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
4. Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Some cool feature'`
5. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
6. Submit a pull request :D

## Installation
*It is not recommended to selfhost Spectre at this point in time.*

## License
Spectre is licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/Jo3-L/spectre/blob/master/LICENSE).

## Author
**Spectre** © [Jo3-L](https://github/Jo3-L).
Authored and maintained by Jo3-L.

> GitHub [@Jo3-L](https://github.com/Jo3-L)

Commit message:

Update README to reflect rewrite in TS

README.md, after:

![Banner](https://i.imgur.com/abq2Gwr.png)
# Spectre
> A multipurpose Discord Bot written in TypeScript with Discord.js and the discord-akairo framework

Spectre is a Discord bot that I'm working on during my free time. It's heavily work in progress, and inspired by many bots. It features rank cards, profile cards, levelup cards, and that's only the start!

## Why?
There's many level bots out there, such as AmariBot, Tatsumaki, and the most famous of them all, MEE6. In January, MEE6 put a premium paywall around their level rewards feature, which made me and many other server owners and administrators turn to Tatsumaki. They had great looking profile cards, but their interface just wasn't that good, in my experience. 

I started learning JavaScript around the same time and made a few bots, including the precursor to Spectre. Unfortunately, I don't have the code, but ~~it was the best code ever~~ not the best. I eventually wound up using discord-akairo (which I highly recommend - unbelievably powerful) and Discord.js to make a few bots. 

Then, I rewrote Spectre. I took inspiration from MEE6, trying to keep as close as possible to replicating their rank cards, and doing the same for Tatsumaki's levelup cards. I did a bit of design work for the profile, though, so that's original :P
I wouldn't recommend Spectre to anyone yet, but it's coming close to that stage. If you're looking for a good level bot and you're not satisfied with the current options, feel free to take a look!

In late November of 2019, I decided to learn TypeScript and initially it was quite hard, but I got used to it quickly and decided to do *another* (hopefully the last) rewrite of Spectre. I finished in early December and here's the final product!

## Contributing
Any pull requests made must be linted with `npm run lint` to catch any stylistic / syntax errors beforehand. I will not accept them without this.

1. [Fork the repository](https://github.com/jo3-l/spectre/fork)!
2. Clone your fork: `git clone https://github.com/your-username/spectre.git`
3. Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
4. Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Some cool feature'`
5. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
6. Submit a pull request :D

## Installation
*It is not recommended to selfhost Spectre at this point in time.*

## License
Spectre is licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/Jo3-L/spectre/blob/master/LICENSE).

## Author
**Spectre** © [Jo3-L](https://github/Jo3-L).
Authored and maintained by Jo3-L.

> GitHub [@Jo3-L](https://github.com/Jo3-L)
